Oh, my God, they're all nice so she had to have the next one.
So I got Dan, and made this other little thing it's just like a little house that I put my hand she 43.
My goodness see, I knew, I said I knew there would be trouble, because on the phone to say, Well, you, the packers got their merry Christmas. Oh, did they?
Well, yeah, because that, the steelers were on the one.
Yeah line for 4 downs. and They didn't get in then they were on the 10 yard line with fourth down to go, and they had inches to go.
The guy didn't even get up to the line of scrimmage that was had the ball. But he must have pushed it up there, or something.
I don't know how he got it up there but they gave it to them.
Then then that give another 4 downs on the one yard line.
So it's all her with talk over with green may 1 24 to 19.
Oh, i'm freeing, mom that they win because she said otherwise everybody will be mad.
Never gets it when they're crying no did he win he won 50 bucks.
His score was foreign name, so he won 50 but I wonder if he's got the right teams.
You have no man i'm fantasy that never gets upset about after it's over it's over.
He was that way when he was a little kid, you know.
But he's getting a lot better because it's really got my head.
I mean that one time the green bay pack of loss it was on his birthday wasn't this year's last year?
Yeah, yeah, we have a lot better with their folks. He had Green Bay, 4 in Pittsburgh 9. So you want in the garbage 24 to 19 in favor of Green Bay.
So eat 150 Buck God Well, he's gonna be happy.
So were you taking, I would rather that past be completed in Detroit won the title.
But oh, consolation! and do you want to live we'll put a consolation of $50 isn't bad.
It makes the lot. it makes the the loss not so bad.
Where do you take these tickets on it at the bar. Oh, it's a It's a pool where you know what Charlie took 4 or 5 chances and 2 $10. Yeah, Dominance Yeah, Charlie had to
$10 ones and 4 or $5 ones. Oh, my God!
Look at all those gets Yeah, but they're glad to iron up a lot of meal means that little kids always like he's a funny little boy.
I mean that little boy I mean he has been for years.
He always thank me for the socks besides because I don't think we'll be able to buy yourself guides everything else, but not sacks.
He's not holes. in his sound priority size you know. And he said, You know, grandma, when he was a little kid, I think, Charlie.
Yeah, yeah, he used to tell me. it hurts his tolls, you know, and it does.
If you get a big hole in your, you know. And so I started years ago on newsroom.
You look like a badger to buy him socks 6 pairs of size, and he's pretty well.
I think i'll turn there in the Christmas lights Okay, so I bigger inside.
That's in. Yeah, Well, another extra little gift but you know when you times that by 14 it's about 140 y at home.
This is about $6 to me who can no you could do so much more if there wasn't so many kids and there's that many little ones.
Oh, yeah, you really can't especially with old loot in there don't say that i'll go tonight.
Why he's his popularity I know what he is a little much, I mean.
Why don't they say? Well, we should give some bad you know we should take a cut, but it's always the Federal workers that should take you know.
I mean, like the full stop. Well, then, they're finding out all these different things that he was doing.
Yeah, like with all the Republicans, they were like training them and taking them, you know, not like sort of supporting them, but like training them, and how to be persuasive.
And this and when was this they found out about it that they've been doing it?
But these young ones, they say that the one set won't let him back down.
Now the new ones you know that just got in there because they They've been taught that probably you don't break down.
But I mean it's always been a give them take you know I mean I want to do my share.
But I don't want to be the only one like look at social security.
They don't do anything to them the fact, of the matter is that in this country the top what is it one to 10% of people Yeah, wealthiest have on the money.
And yeah, that's what I read. the other day and the middle class is just gone, and I mean it was like promoted with the whole Reagan era.
Yeah, But yeah, it has been just the last couple know it's been, you know, and they they can't like Eventually the people are going to like wise up, and the unions are going to come back and there's going to be
even of political. Well, i'm surprised because I got hired for the country.
No, my parents have an artificial tree. the reign of terror will be, but you know it's easier for older people, but they have an artificial tree, you know.
Go out in the cold and look for it, tree and stop, and then the masked out of my house for a while.
Do. I was glad the game was on, because then I can get rid of them for a while.
I get rid of you for a while, and the game is on. I was glad I was on. I was wondering how it looks like so perfectly straight. J.
5 said that was one of the most exciting games he ever saw.
I know if you were If you didn't care green bay did their thing, but they they didn't look to me as impressive as the steelers.
The steers looked like a much better team, I have to admit, because they went right down there every time they hit the ball.
Not every day. You know. A lot of those ornaments on entry are from my child.
From what your childhood and my childhood Well, we're all yeah, but we don't use to have them.
How many, how many armies didn't you use Oh, I use most of them.
There, you go pick out a dream there's some up There you can tell.
I read, Where do you put it? The living room where the love seat was in the corner by the windows?
Oh, okay. Last year you had it or 2 years ago. you have a day.
Yeah, we did have it once in the day. yeah the year we went to that. Yeah.
Well, we'll have to try to get in chief we've been gonna come in and go to come in and go to come in, and it just you haven't been gap any lazio.
We work all the I don't need all but I do i'm on the town board.
He has to go in the day after January, the first de January second.
The vats. He has glaster times. he's supposed to be there. He didn't go there. Well, one time he was supposed to rain and ice, and hell with that I ain't gonna fight that to go in there for a half hour
so no twice you renamed. Yeah. So you gotta go this time.
Good weather. yeah if it ain't good weather i'll just come say, i'm 70, and what i'm 72, and i'm not coming in today.
So who was this other guy You said he was a teacher that taught you Spanish?
Where at the university. Oh, he's got a job at the Professor. Well, it's like a teaching assistant at ta to calm, but they teach like as if they were a professor for lower level classes classes that are just like Take in the
beginning, like if you took first, or second, or third or fourth semester of the language, then you probably will have a Ta.
If you take more advanced like literature courses in a foreign language, then you have a real professor.
Do they pay them very good. they didn't pay you very good.
When well, that was a public school. Yeah, I know. But even so, there was some people.
I never asked them for teaching degrees, but like at marquette if you're a ta you get free tuition, and if you're a ta it means you're going for your graduate studies oh, so they if you get free
tuition at marquette I mean that's yeah that's quite a bit that's like probably 6,000 a semester or something like I don't know something like that.
Oh, yeah, and you know what's teaching here at the college and not Arizona State.
Must he send you out of your asshole he is teaching He's teaching something about business, and well, what he's in, you know not really the recreation part.
But how do you keep books? Yep: you know what gives me all the books, you know, and what pays all the thing?
Yeah, Well, yeah, he's very good at that he makes the budget out the budget.
He's real good at making the budget out but if he's gonna put them in a checkbook, and it's 875.
He just put $8 or $9 He isn't allowed to have the checkpoint at home. he's really good at me. Now the budget is good, so that's what he's I think what he's teaching you know
how that you would go about making up. budgets for big organizations. I know a lot of people just don't keep track that well of their own checking account.
Yeah, but you got it, though, you wouldn't know exactly what you had Now it's off one penny she will not go to bed.
He's called all of it doesn't Find that pity I have not balanced my checks again 7 years.
So what do you do to take their word for it I looked at my baks at bank statements, and look through my check when they come in and make sure to be killing you?
Couldn't they I mean they can make mistakes too, I know but I will go.
I will check when the statement comes in. and make sure that all Oh, but you don't go through and check every check any I do that. Let me tell you.
What do you do when I did take care of the checkbook for my mother?
You know I didn't do it. either. Oh, you wrote down I wrote down everything, but I was more like I didn't write down the goddamn pennies.
Oh, well, that then you knowll never balance it well I think i'd always like round high, if it was like 9, 20, I quit $10.
See, I've never basically just never did it I always make sure you have to have a minimum. $500.
Yeah, that you and you're checking so that you don't get charged interest.
So I always make sure. Thanks. So you don't get charged for writing checks and stuff. so I always see a maintenance speak so I always make sure I have a minimum $500 balance.
So that you don't because we're all 55 cuz I never.
And I basically have never bounced a check, because I always make sure I have that $500 pounds.
Oh, I hate to bump to jammer bones of chuck. Well, you wouldn't if you're keeping a $500 back.
That's why I helped really worry about 9 right I mean you know I wouldn't.
But I have like had like. I have a savings account.
One time they took money out of the savings put it check over the check.
Oh, well, that's okay, too, though what time is the crowd coming.
Not tell about 6, because I think has to work till 6.
You gotta hit it. hey? Are we going to answer A. There is turkey?
And I told him he got in there in Latin homemade cookies.
She. Oh, you did! and he made him you bait!
What kind of cookies did you make? I did thumbprints your cat.
I thought I surprises No, because Joel was helping it, and that kitchen was too small, Unequal angels, pretty husky guys!
Would you could have talked on the heart! Look! Oh, my God!
Oh, I need fudge i'm a peanut butter fudge!
I made made her mother's peanut butterfly that I feel sticky.
I made the chocolate peanut, butterfudge, and I made chocolate fudge, and then I made divinity. fudge.
Did white them and talking and toffy hey? daffy isn't bad to do it.
Oh, I helped you a little bit. Yeah, you did most of it that I make fudge good.
I'm see the yours isn't gonna be as good then no, I probably will be.
I wish there would be, because then you know and then I could maybe do it sometimes.
I don't want to just stand there looking at fudge for an hour.
I don't think it's an hour Oh, it is due it takes forever.
Give the softball stage, and then you Then you have to hurry I've already bought this thing.
He had all of the poor friends. Oh, his old high school friend.
Yeah, I think there were 7 and that he might have been a girl.
But she was a boy. he was a cowboy.
He went traveling very long. Yeah, when makers happy happy with her, I mean most people don't like don't taste again.
It tastes like you boil and lock them. you can make that recipe be completely done in 15 min, and then you just let it sit now.
Didn't see some of us he don't like the kind that you don't cook a dog because he said it's too.
You you boil this for either 6 or 7 min I don't remember exactly.
And you boil it really hard. You well, heart God, whatever 6 or 7 min period.
Yeah, where do you make I can't put the rest of the vehicle?
It basically is like what were the things you do and ask where's the truck i'm tweeting chocolate.
I have 4 squares of chocolate. Is that on sweeteners for unsweetened squares of chocolate?
Well, that yeah, that's you got a hampshire for one ounce thing.
So it's 84 ounces of bitter chocolate, unsweetened, 16 ounces of 2.
What then you that with all the butter it's boiled and cream, and for about 6 or 7 min, and then that gets poured over the sugar, and you don't even boil any of that you just boil
that, and you pour it all over the sugar and nuts, and but not.
And then you mix it all up. Yeah, you pour the pam, and it's done that's Oh, my God!
Wow! you're down to eat done in 15 min. all right. and I take 2 and a half squares. I mean that's that's 2 squares is one square reading.
So I take 2 and a half squares, and I cut that all up, and they mix that with the sugar and an episode.
And carol thorough my cousin stir that out, and then I put it on and they boil it.
Then i've got my butter and my vanilla my nuts over here, and then when that beaches are hard balls that's showing you I fell up to think with cold water, and put it in there and be it a little
bit, and I put my butter and my vanilla in it, and your sounds easier.
Oh, yeah, I am 50 by the time. if you have the ingredients out You can have it in the cannon 15 min.
It's so easy. it's so easy yeah because I mean you know I takes it makes a 9 by 5 13 P.
And takes 15 min, and as a soft when you put it in there. Oh, yeah, it's Gui, it's real Gui.
And then you you you have to wait 3 h for it to harden.
Oh, no, my mind, it's already in the pan and in there, and you do it right at the right time, and you pour it in there, and you're lucky to get it spread.
Well see I You pour this in you don't have to worry about anything, because it's nice and goy Now the copy, which is good.
It takes like a heath bar. All that is is eggs and water, and what else?
Honey, sugar, sugar, eggs, water, and sugar.
Batter. Yeah, I can put the battery in there.
Then you boil that to a 350 degrees that's what takes a long waiting for it to blow because you can't turn it way up, burn because it burned then you pour That out.
On a sheet, you know, and then you put, and you put nuts in it, and you pour it out on the sheet.
Then it hardens, and then you put chocolate over it and nuts, and then you turn it over and put chocolate on the others, and after they're coffee, they don't really like it sounds, really good where's your
coffee. You sit there. I will give up and make a nice plate.
Well, you guys, it's gonna be a while before we eat and there's all kinds of stuff for sandwiches.
Oh, yeah, I know i'm gonna nibble so great big hunts of turkey that we might well, you know the life, I think, have a big one Is life dirty and bread. Yeah, There's 2 different kinds of vet in
there. those blond sticks are medicine. Do yeah the long sticks are venison in the ko meat venison, and then there's another comey sausage.
So if you talk to nope I don't know if they're going up to see they have a can transmission.
Maybe I it's a 3 yeah there's a 3 legs up there.
It's blue references eagle river and Rhinelander, I think. Well, there's the 3 rivers in Wisconsin.
Well, there's the more famous is pittsburgh the name of their stadium football and baseball stadium is 3 Rivers stadium. I can't believe I didn't know that but Anyway, she they bought into like a
regular house like like he's got 4 bedrooms story she had all those recipes didn't she
She had a lot of what's more coffee do you want to tell.
No, he said. he's done now you have you got your hearing you did.
Yes, dear, well turn them out that's enough you want to tell a great man what to do.
Yes, I do. I tell you what to do I keep you on the street narrow wasn't for me to make some more?
No, because next time we're gonna make you can Oh, well might want tomorrow you'll get to Hyper.
No, yeah, that's right, tell you change that your everyday or that any year after.
Oh, yeah, you know, even me, I do is more people got to you.
Okay, and it's sitting in the way and I can't and I don't really.
I said. I remember when you day I did that and grandpa wanted to buy some overhauls of Graham would never let him have, she said. there's a lot of old pentagonal or not anything. you know they take old pants.
That were soup pantered, or nice pants, and then they are all spotted, and they wear them in.
I would rather see a man, an older man in an iceberg.
Gene then. Oh, you can't do that dirty and because you can't see the mature years ago.
You couldn't wash news all driving it's all dragging you Can't put the water in the dam they would attack. you should get those I think you work on a call but I don't think you did i've got a
few warm. Huh! Is she still stinky with all those really stingy?
If you want i'm sure you want to bind to this This is a pecan you meet towers fresh out of the oven, but otherwise it's not you're good.
Why didn't I so intelligence? We just what am I doing happy what do they probably got?
My rabbi did there's my cup now I got 2 cups.
I got a recipe for a Bohemian corpse.
Have a little kid on the bottom is There 2 spicy no, they're not spicy, You grind up a lot of different cats.
Lots of nuts, and they're sort of a bronze powder flat.
Oh, they're about this big around maybe i'm one year nobody. Adams.
I didn't but they're poinmiums mother and thrill cookies Oh, that's all I've heard about is mark.
Mothers are you to apply with him when I knew she was going to make them look like time you wanted to play with them, i'd say, ready and get from Phil copies.
Yeah, and he'd run in and get from Phil cookies Then when I was in the service, she sent me some, but by the time I got a nice lady I don't know how she ever had.
Mar. I said the lady was really nice. She was pride too nice to her kids.
She was really, and she was very sickly all her life though she's a little tiny thing, and real.
Fan. She always has it all, but she was always nice, so nice, but she had mar.
And then, 12 years after Mar was born, she had another doing.
And then, 2 years after that she had another one and just about killed it.
She was dad right after we were married about a year after she wasn't very old, maybe 55 after myers dad.
He was rough, and you know we were. We went one day.
We used to walk back by Dan Fern, talked to Mr.
After I got home from warm, we're out there talking askers of come out with up shelters.
I'll buy one, We're getting up to jolters this end of the bar, and there was a guy on the other end of the bar really loud, you know.
So Oscar goes down there, and I was coming back from the Jan, and Oscar went down to talk to the guy.
He says, Hey, listen! Your son of a bitch I brought my friends in here to talk, and I don't want your loud mouth overdoing what we're talking about.
Way down there did the guy shut up? He was either a mean old, so he was.
He was built like, I guess, like Marv is now. But he was real.
Yeah, you know. Well, you know he wouldn't go to the dentist.
He pulled his own. He goes out in the garage or in the barn, and no in the garage, you know.
See it a smick, Brad, you go out there even now?
He asked. Yeah. the doctor went in $10. He says. hell, I can pull the sign of a bitch.
He got up there and he whole thing out, and it never made him say, can you believe that?
I mean copper, 10 bucks. When I was a kid my parents used to pull my teeth.
You can pull them yourself with a finger. yeah they're easy, but not ones that, you know.
All the kids pulled around, too. I always pull my own team.
Yeah, cause you want the dollar. Oh, I don't think it was a dollar to start with.
Well, when you start it, hey? it's bring around your tooth and close the door to pull the tooth.
I think so. Oh, wife, tail! me your chair's a little squeaky!
Gotta quit your blanket. And so, getting to the old, you did bring the gates.